Edit pass from the product team (#33533)
dotnet/docs: styleguide/3rdPartyDependencies.md

# Third-party dependencies

When code samples take dependencies, readers should be able to use the material without significant license burden or research on terms. This goal requires restricting dependencies to certain types of open source or commercial licenses.

Samples may take the following categories of dependencies:

> - **Open-source** : Open source offerings that use an [Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses). Any component whose license isn't an OSI-approved is considered a commercial offering. Prefer OSS projects that are members of any of the [OSS foundations that Microsoft is part of](https://opensource.microsoft.com/ecosystem/). Prefer permissive licenses for libraries. GPL or similar licenses are acceptable for tools, OSs, and similar components. Kubernetes  Linux  and Newtonsoft.Json are examples of this license type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open-source** : Open source offerings that use an [Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses). Any component whose license isn't an OSI-approved is considered a commercial offering. Prefer OSS projects that are members of any of the [OSS foundations that Microsoft is part of](https://opensource.microsoft.com/ecosystem/). Prefer permissive licenses for libraries. GPL or similar licenses are acceptable for tools, OSes, and similar components. Kubernetes  Linux  and Newtonsoft.Json are examples of this license type.
```

> - **Open-source** : Open source offerings that use an [Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses). Any component whose license isn't an OSI-approved is considered a commercial offering. Prefer OSS projects that are members of any of the [OSS foundations that Microsoft is part of](https://opensource.microsoft.com/ecosystem/). Prefer permissive licenses for libraries. GPL or similar licenses are acceptable for tools, OSs, and similar components. Kubernetes  Linux  and Newtonsoft.Json are examples of this license type.

Reviewer: "Kubernetes  Linux" -> "Kubernetes,  Linux"

> - **Open-source** : Open source offerings that use an [Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses). Any component whose license isn't an OSI-approved is considered a commercial offering. Prefer OSS projects that are members of any of the [OSS foundations that Microsoft is part of](https://opensource.microsoft.com/ecosystem/). Prefer permissive licenses for libraries. GPL or similar licenses are acceptable for tools, OSs, and similar components. Kubernetes, Linux, and Newtonsoft.Json are examples of this license type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Open-source** : Open source offerings that use an [Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses). Any component whose license isn't an OSI-approved is considered a commercial offering. Prefer OSS projects that are members of any of the [OSS foundations that Microsoft is part of](https://opensource.microsoft.com/ecosystem/). Prefer permissive licenses for libraries, like [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) and [Apache 2](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0). Copy-left licenses like [GPL](https://opensource.org/licenses/gpl-license) are acceptable for tools, OSes, and similar components. [Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes), [Linux](https://github.com/torvalds/linux), and [Newtonsoft.Json](https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json) are examples of this license type.
```

- **Commercial**: Commercial offerings that enable readers to learn from our content without unnecessary extra costs. Typically, the offering has some form of a community edition, or a free trial sufficient for its use in content. A commercial license may be a form of dual-license, or tiered license.

> - **Dual licensed**: Commercial offerings that enable readers to choose either license based on their needs. For example, if the offering has an OSS and commercial license, readers can  choose between them. Oracle MySql is an example of this license type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Dual licensed**: Commercial offerings that enable readers to choose either license based on their needs. For example, if the offering has an OSS and commercial license, readers can  choose between them. [MySql](https://github.com/mysql/mysql-server) is an example of this license type.
```
